Update README-en.md (#2)
gustavoaca1997/basic-tran-interpreter: README-en.md

It was used as a programming language *__Haskell__* and as a generator tool for lexicographical analyzers *__Alex__*.
The use of Alex was fundamental, as we focused on only determining regular expressions to extract the tokens from the file.

#### Brief explanation

Alex provides several wrappers, but the one of our interest was `posn` because it provides the same functionality as the` basic` but adding the column and row of each detected token.

To implement the `show` of each token, a type of data` TkObject` was created that can be seen as an ordered pair whose first coordinate is a token and the second is its `AlexPosn`. Thus, it was avoided having to write a `show` for each token.

> To filter errors, a token called `TkErr` was created. When we invoke `alexScanTokens` we have an arrangement of `TkObject`'s. To see if there is an error, we only filter the TkObjects and if the resulting fix is empty, there are no errors and each token is printed in the described format. Otherwise, only errors are printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter errors, a token called `TkErr` was created. When we invoke `alexScanTokens` we have an array of `TkObject`'s. To see if there is an error, we only filter the TkObjects and if the resulting array is empty, there are no errors and each token is printed in the described format. Otherwise, only errors are printed.
```

#### Additional libraries

> Any. Although certain functions could be imported, it was decided, to practice the language more, that we ourselves implement those functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None. Although certain functions could be imported, it was decided, to practice the language more, that we ourselves implement those functions.
```

Pero igual se debería eliminar esta sección en otro PR, tanto aquí como en el README original

## Parser

### What is it?

A perser is a computer program that analyzes a string of symbols (syntactically) according to the rules of a formal grammar.

#### Tool used

It was used as programming language *__Haskell__* and as a parser generating tool *__Happy__*.
The use of Happy focused us only on determining the grammar of the language.

#### Brief explanation

Through Happy, the grammar that defines the BasicTrans language was formed. This had to be modified during the development of the parser to eliminate conflicts _shift/reduce_ and _reduce/reduce_.

> A `Parsed` data type was defined, which instance to the` Monad` typeclass, in order to know if an error occurred or not parsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Parsed` data type was defined, which instantiates the` Monad` typeclass, in order to know if an error occurred or not while parsing.
```
